No, but that means,
One person said that this way the body is generally weak.
So he didn't recover very well.
Yes, that's good. I brought you a few sets.
But I said it’s not good yet.
Then, what do you want me to do?
I'm really sorry to help you. I'm a little busy first.
Can't leave. If you don't choose, then help me.
Nothing is too good.
It doesn't matter, I can be hungry,
Just wait until aunt comes.
It's okay, if you don't mind it,
That's okay with me.
Are you okay? I hope to meet someone somewhere.
That Mr. Luo is really hard to photograph
It’s chicken soup again, it’s beef bone soup again, it’s pig iron soup again.
I'll take a photo of you when you're so full
Does this count as extra food?
is that true